Update aurora dbm autodiscovery instructions to include region (#24936)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/guide/aurora_autodiscovery.md

    aurora:
      enabled: true
```

> If your agent is on running on ecs fargate, you need agent [version 7.54.0](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/releases/tag/7.54.0) or above and specify the region as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your agent is on running on AWS Fargate for Amazon ECS, you must use [Agent version 7.54.0][12] or above and specify the region as follows:
```

and add at the bottom of the file:

```
[12]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/releases/tag/7.54.0
```
